"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love..."  - Marcus Aurelius
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!" - David Dweck
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life." - Germany Kent
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it." - Groucho Marx
"Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams." - Ashley Smith
"When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn't matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions." - Edmond Mbiaka
"A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for." - Albert Einstein
"Stress is caused by being 'here' but wanting to be 'there.' - Eckhart Tolle
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
"Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Think of many things; do one." - Portuguese proverb
"One of the best pieces of advice I ever got was from a horse master. He told me to go slow to go fast. I think that applies to everything in life. We live as though there aren't enough hours in the day but if we do each thing calmly and carefully we will get it done quicker and with much less stress." - Viggo Mortensen
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John R. Wooden
"Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be." - Zig Ziglar
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." - Napoleon Hill
"I was thinking one day and I realized that if I just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me I could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so I just became that person for myself." -  Unknown
"If you don't pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves." - David Allen
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." - Brian Tracy
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down." - Charles F. Kettering
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Brian Littrell
"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing ... is not starting something." - Seth Godin
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson
"For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. " - Lily Tomlin
"There is more to life than increasing its speed." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials." - Bruce Lee
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax." - Abraham Lincoln
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." - Mark Twain
"We can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday's burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it." - John Newton
"If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it." - Olin Miller
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event." - Brian Tracy
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." - Peter Drucker
"Don't mistake activity with achievement." - John Wooden
"One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important." - Bertrand Russell
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much." - Joan Collins
"If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times." - Dean Smith
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work." - Stephen King
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one." - Mark Twain
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." - Abraham Lincoln
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." - Tony Robbins
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
"Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly." - Stephen R. Covey
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Dennis P. Kimbro
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  - teach yourself to be impatient." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers." - M. Scott Peck
"For most of life, nothing wonderful happens. If you don't enjoy getting up and working and finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends, then the chances are you're not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job, huge amounts of money, a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to Paris, that person isn't going to be happy much of the time.If, on the other hand, happiness depends on a good breakfast, flowers in the yard, a drink or a nap, then we are more likely to live with quite a bit of happiness." - Andy Rooney
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world." - Lucille Ball
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." - Diane Ackerman
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings." - Lao Tzu
"The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it." - Marcus Aurelius
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability." - Harry F. Banks
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." - Unknown
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." -  Og Mandino
"When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure." - Peter Marshall
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsh
"When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
"Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism." - David M. Burns
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable." - Deepak Chopra
"Dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks." - Elbert Hubbard
"The past has no power over the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others." - Unknown
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination." - Mae Jemison
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not, 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" - Tom Preston-Werner
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
"Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent." - Calvin Coolidge
"It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts." - Robert H. Schuller
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... to leave the world a better place... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." - Leo Buscaglia
"Embrace the sunrise as a promise of new beginnings." - Unknown
"Every step forward, no matter how small, builds the path to success." - Unknown
"Dream big, work hard, and let your actions speak louder than words." - Unknown
"Courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.'" - Unknown
"Let your inner fire guide you through the darkest nights." - Unknown
"When challenges arise, remember that they are opportunities in disguise." - Unknown
"A positive mindset turns obstacles into stepping stones." - Unknown
"Success is not about perfection, but progress and perseverance." - Unknown
"Every moment is a chance to rewrite your story." - Unknown
"Passion fuels achievement, so ignite your heart with purpose." - Unknown
"Your journey is defined by the steps you take, not the pace you run." - Unknown
"In every setback lies the seed of an even greater comeback." - Unknown
"When you believe in yourself, every challenge becomes conquerable." - Unknown
"Persistence is the art of overcoming one obstacle after another." - Unknown
"Let every failure be a lesson, not a defeat." - Unknown
"Innovation and creativity are born from the courage to be different." - Unknown
"Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow." - Unknown
"Rise above fear and embrace the adventure of the unknown." - Unknown
"Determination turns dreams into reality, one step at a time." - Unknown
"The journey to success is paved with hard work and a brave heart." - Unknown
"Believe in your potential, and watch the impossible become possible." - Unknown
"Every day is a blank page in the diary of your life." - Unknown
"The road to greatness is built on moments of dedication." - Unknown
"Dare to be different, and let your uniqueness shine." - Unknown
"Your vision is the compass that guides you through life." - Unknown
"Transform your doubts into determination and your fears into fuel." - Unknown
"The strength within you is more powerful than any external challenge." - Unknown
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." - Unknown
"A strong will and a positive heart can move mountains." - Unknown
"Every sunrise brings new opportunities for greatness." - Unknown
"Take the leap of faith and trust that the net will appear." - Unknown
"Let your dreams be your wings and your determination the wind beneath them." - Unknown
"The path to success is illuminated by your inner light." - Unknown
"No storm can extinguish the flame of a determined spirit." - Unknown
"Celebrate every small victory on your journey to greatness." - Unknown
"Your perseverance is the key to unlocking tomorrow's success." - Unknown
"Every challenge is a chance to grow stronger and wiser." - Unknown
"The seeds of success are planted in the soil of hard work." - Unknown
"Your attitude shapes your reality, so choose positivity every day." - Unknown
"Let passion drive your actions and purpose define your journey." - Unknown
"Success is found on the other side of fear." - Unknown
"In every challenge, there is a hidden lesson waiting to be learned." - Unknown
"Your determination today builds the foundation for tomorrow's achievements." - Unknown
"Be bold in your pursuits and humble in your victories." - Unknown
"Every setback is an opportunity to build a stronger comeback." - Unknown
"The power to change your life lies in the choices you make." - Unknown
"A curious mind and a brave heart will lead you to success." - Unknown
"Step outside your comfort zone and discover your true potential." - Unknown
"The courage to start is the first step towards greatness." - Unknown
"Let every challenge refine your spirit and strengthen your resolve." - Unknown
"Your dreams are the blueprints of your destiny." - Unknown
"When you choose to persist, obstacles turn into triumphs." - Unknown
"A focused mind can turn the impossible into the achievable." - Unknown
"Every sunrise is a reminder that you have another chance to shine." - Unknown
"Hard work and perseverance are the architects of success." - Unknown
"Your inner strength is the foundation of all great achievements." - Unknown
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground." - Unknown
"Determination and hard work are the stepping stones to success." - Unknown
"Find beauty in every struggle and joy in every victory." - Unknown
"The journey may be long, but every step brings you closer to your dreams." - Unknown
"Let your passion be the fuel that ignites your success." - Unknown
"Every day is a new opportunity to be the best version of yourself." - Unknown
"Rise up with determination, and face the day with a courageous heart." - Unknown
"A positive mindset is the secret ingredient to a fulfilled life." - Unknown
"Success blooms when you water your dreams with effort and belief." - Unknown
"Challenge yourself daily, and you'll be amazed by your growth." - Unknown
"Your hard work today creates the victories of tomorrow." - Unknown
"Perseverance turns dreams into plans and plans into achievements." - Unknown
"Every obstacle is a stepping stone to a brighter future." - Unknown
"Believe in the power of your dreams, and let them guide you." - Unknown
"The future belongs to those who believe in their potential." - Unknown
"Turn your challenges into opportunities by embracing change." - Unknown
"Success is the art of turning setbacks into stepping stones." - Unknown
"Let your determination light the path to your dreams." - Unknown
"With every breath, you have the power to shape your destiny." - Unknown
"Strength comes from within, so nurture your inner resilience." - Unknown
"A determined heart can conquer even the tallest mountains." - Unknown
"Opportunities arise for those who dare to pursue their passions." - Unknown
"Each day is a gift, so make every moment count." - Unknown
"Your journey is unique, so embrace every twist and turn along the way." - Unknown
"When you dare to dream, the world opens up with endless possibilities." - Unknown
"Success is built on a foundation of resilience and relentless effort." - Unknown
"Let your ambitions be as boundless as the sky." - Unknown
"Every setback is a setup for a stronger comeback." - Unknown
"Your inner strength is your greatest asset on the road to success." - Unknown
"Don't wait for opportunities; create them with your actions." - Unknown
"Every day is a chance to be better than you were yesterday." - Unknown
"The secret to success is to keep moving forward, no matter what." - Unknown
"Embrace your failures as lessons that propel you to success." - Unknown
"Your future is as bright as your willingness to work for it." - Unknown
"Let your dreams be the compass that guides you through life." - Unknow
"Every new day holds the promise of a fresh start." - Unknown
"Take charge of your life and create the future you envision." - Unknown
"Your determination can turn the smallest idea into a groundbreaking achievement." - Unknown
"Find strength in the challenges that test your resolve." - Unknown
"The light of your ambition can outshine the darkest obstacles." - Unknown
"Every moment spent working towards your dreams is a step closer to success." - Unknown
"Trust your instincts and let them lead you to greatness." - Unknown
"Let every day be a canvas for your creative pursuits." - Unknown
"Rise with the confidence that you are destined for greatness." - Unknown
"Forge your path with determination and courage." - Unknown
"Embrace each day with enthusiasm, and success will follow." - Unknown
"Your perseverance is the engine that drives your dreams." - Unknown
"Every challenge you overcome makes you stronger and wiser." - Unknown
"A determined spirit transforms obstacles into opportunities." - Unknown
"Let your vision be your guide and your determination the key." - Unknown
"Every sunrise is an invitation to chase your dreams." - Unknown
"Believe in your ability to make a difference in your world." - Unknown
"Success is a journey of continuous learning and growth." - Unknown
"Let your actions today lay the groundwork for a brighter tomorrow." - Unknown
"Chase your dreams relentlessly, even when the path is uncertain." - Unknown
"In the face of adversity, let your courage shine through." - Unknown
"Your dedication and persistence will pave the way to success." - Unknown
"Every step you take brings you closer to realizing your potential." - Unknown
"The power to succeed lies within your unwavering belief in yourself." - Unknown
"Strive for excellence, and let your passion be your guide." - Unknown
"Success is the reward for those who dare to dream and persist." - Unknown
"Every day holds the promise of a new beginning." - Unknow
"Let your determination be the spark that ignites your future." - Unknown
"Every challenge you face is a stepping stone toward greatness." - Unknown
"The strength of your character shines brightest in difficult times." - Unknown
"When you dare to take risks, the rewards are immeasurable." - Unknown
"Your inner resilience can transform setbacks into triumphs." - Unknown
"Every moment is an opportunity to grow, learn, and excel." - Unknown
"Let your passion be the driving force behind every action." - Unknown
"The key to success is the courage to begin and the persistence to continue." - Unknown
"Every dream you nurture is a seed that can blossom into greatness." - Unknown
"Keep pushing forward, even when the road gets tough." - Unknown
"Your determination today builds the foundation for tomorrow's success." - Unknown
"The power of your vision can illuminate even the darkest paths." - Unknown
"Strive for progress, not perfection, and celebrate every victory." - Unknown
"When you trust yourself, the possibilities are endless." - Unknown
"Let every challenge serve as a lesson for future success." - Unknown
"Your journey is defined by the courage to pursue your dreams." - Unknown
"Every day is a gift, an opportunity to rewrite your destiny." - Unknown
"The beauty of life lies in its unpredictability and endless possibilities." - Unknown
"Harness your inner strength and let it propel you forward." - Unknown
"Your persistence turns obstacles into milestones of success." - Unknown
"Every small victory is a building block for your future." - Unknown
"Keep your focus clear and your ambitions high." - Unknown
"Every sunrise brings a fresh chance to chase your dreams." - Unknown
"Let the challenges you face today be the motivation for tomorrow's triumphs." - Unknown
"Success is not a destination but a journey of constant growth." - Unknown
"Embrace the unknown and let your curiosity guide you." - Unknown
"Your inner drive is the secret ingredient to achieving greatness." - Unknown
"Every day offers a new opportunity to shine brightly." - Unknown
"Persevere through the storms and let your spirit soar." - Unknown
"Every challenge is a chance to evolve and reach new heights." - Unknown
"Believe in the power of your dreams and let them inspire your actions." - Unknown
"Your commitment to progress transforms challenges into opportunities." - Unknown
"Every step you take is a step closer to your goals." - Unknown
"Let your passion be the spark that ignites change." - Unknown
"With determination, even the greatest obstacles can be overcome." - Unknown
"Every day is an invitation to become a better version of yourself." - Unknown
"Your journey is a reflection of your relentless pursuit of excellence." - Unknown
"Embrace the challenges, for they are the stepping stones to success." - Unknown
"Every effort you make today creates a better tomorrow." - Unknown
"Let your resolve be stronger than your fears." - Unknown
"The path to success is built one determined step at a time." - Unknown
"Your vision for a better future starts with the courage to act." - Unknown
"Every day is a chance to leave your mark on the world." - Unknown
"Let your dreams drive you forward, one step at a time." - Unknown
"Success is the result of hard work, resilience, and a positive attitude." - Unknown
"Every setback is a setup for an even greater comeback." - Unknown
"Your potential is limitless when fueled by passion and determination." - Unknown
"Embrace your journey with optimism and the courage to overcome." - Unknown
"Every new day brings the promise of endless opportunities." - Unknown
"Let your actions today define the success of tomorrow." - Unknown
"Your hard work transforms challenges into stepping stones to victory." - Unknown
"Every dream is achievable when you believe in your own strength." - Unknown
"Let your inner light guide you through every dark tunnel." - Unknown
"Every moment you persevere adds up to a lifetime of achievements." - Unknown
"Your determination can turn even the smallest effort into a triumph." - Unknown
"Embrace each new day with an open heart and a courageous spirit." - Unknown
"Every obstacle you overcome is a testament to your strength." - Unknown
"Let your dreams be bold and your actions be fearless." - Unknown
"Every day is a step closer to realizing your highest potential." - Unknown
"Your passion can transform ordinary moments into extraordinary achievements." - Unknown
"Embrace the journey, for every step is a lesson in resilience." - Unknown
"Every challenge you face refines you into a stronger version of yourself." - Unknown
"Let your determination be the beacon that guides you to success." - Unknown
"Every day is a new opportunity to build the life you've imagined." - Unknown